Add MP, kept disjoint from HP, with an xref allowlist and HP/MP taxa (#886)
TranslatorSRI/Babel: docs/tools/README.md

read-only annotation columns to make the CSV legible without a separate lookup:
`before_leader_label` and `before_leader_type` (the before-build label and type of the
clique leader), `destination_type` (the Biolink type the grouped members ended up as in the
after build — the after-clique's type for real destinations, the `|`-joined distinct types
of the members for `moved`, empty for `dropped`), and `example_members`, which lists up to
five members as `CURIE "label"` using before-build labels.

### Summary JSON

`--out-json` writes a self-describing summary, `{"about": …, "compendia": …}`. `about` carries
the two build labels, the `note`, and the compared `files`. `compendia` maps each filename to its
counts: a nested `clique_count` (`before`/`after`/`diff`/`diff_percent`) plus
`changed_before_cliques`, `dropped_member_count` (the headline regression signal),
`moved_member_count`, `regrouped_member_count`, and `leader_changed_count`.

Note that we are deliberately not interested in additions that don't modify an existing clique:
this tool is primarily meant to track how a software change changes the outputs, not whether new

> additions were included. These *will* be counted in the overall counts, but *will not* be included

Author: ```suggestion
additions were included. Additions *will* be counted in the summary JSON, but *will not* be included
```
